feat(gtm): integrate with google tag manager (#173)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/release-notes.md

* Support dividing intervals by integers, floats, or decimals. [#3441](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3441)
* Intervals multiplying intervals by floats. [#3641](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3641)
* Support more temporal operations. [#3472](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3472)
* Support Common Table Expressions (CTEs) as input of time window functions. [#3188](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3188)
* Add these new functions:
    * `concat()` for concatenating strings [#3091](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3091)
    * `repeat()` for repeating string [#3148](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3148)
    * `octet_length()` and bit_length() for getting string length [#3526](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3526)
    * `Row()` for constructing rows [#2914](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/2914) #3152 (https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3152)
    * `pg_typeof()` for getting data types of values [#3494](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3494)

>     * `current_database()` for listing databases [#3650](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3650)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `current_database()` for getting the name of current database in the session [#3650](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3650)
```

Reviewer 2: @yezizp2012  Thanks. Suggestion accepted with a minor change (adding "the" in front of "current").

* Add cascade and restrict options in `REVOKE` commands. [#3363](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3363)
* Expand the `CREATE TABLE` syntax to support creating append-only tables. [#3058](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3058)
* Support the `CREATE USER` command and user authentication. [#3074](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3074)

##### Data types

* Support implicit casts from single-quoted literals. [#3487](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3487)
* Add string as an alias for data type varchar.  [#3094](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3094)
* Support string intervals.  [#3037](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3037)

##### Database management

* Add the default super user “postgres”.  [#3127](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3127)
* The default schema name is changed to “public” from “dev”.  [#3166](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3166)

#### Connectors

* Add random seed for the Datagen Source Connector. [#3124](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/pull/3124)

### Assets

> * [risingwave-v0.1.8-x86_64-unknown-linux.tar.gz](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/releases/download/v0.1.8/risingwave-v0.1.10-x86_64-unknown-linux.tar.gz)(Linux)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [risingwave-v0.1.10-x86_64-unknown-linux.tar.gz](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/releases/download/v0.1.10/risingwave-v0.1.10-x86_64-unknown-linux.tar.gz)(Linux)
```
